{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 class}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 BANK}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 General}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 cluster}{\cf1 :} model{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} {\line}
{\tab}{\tab}"(1) A Bank consists of many customers.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}There are `count' customers.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(2) New customers can be added to the bank by name.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}    We never delete a customer record, {\line}
{\tab}{\tab}    even after they leave the bank.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(3) Each customer shall have a single account at the bank.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}    Initially the balance in the account is zero.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(4) Money can be deposited to and withdrawn from customer accounts.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}    Money is deposited as a dollar amount, {\line}
{\tab}{\tab}    perhaps with more than two decimal places.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(5) Money calculations shall be precise {\line}
{\tab}{\tab}  (e.g. adding, subtracting and multiplying {\line}
{\tab}{\tab}  money amounts must be without losing pennies or parts of pennies).{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(6) Money can also be transferred between two customer accounts.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(7) Balances in accounts shall never be negative.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(8) Customers are identified by name, {\line}
{\tab}{\tab}    so there cannot be two customers having the same name.  {\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(9) Customers are stored in a list sorted alpahabetically by name.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(11) The bank has an attribute `total' that stores the total{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}of all the balances in the various customer accounts.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}This can be used to check for fraud.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}-----------------------------------------{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}You will see '--Todo' whereyou must revise{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}-----------------------------------------{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 create}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 Ancestors}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ANY}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 Queries}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 comment} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 s}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 count}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 customer_exists} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 customer_id} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 customer_with_name} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 CUSTOMER}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 customers}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 CUSTOMER}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 customers_string}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 customers_unchanged_other_than} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 old_customers}{\cf1 :} {\cf1 [}{\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 customers}{\cf1 ]} {\cf4 LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 CUSTOMER}{\cf1 ]}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 customers_unchanged_other_than_both} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_name1}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_name2}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 old_customers}{\cf1 :} {\cf1 [}{\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 customers}{\cf1 ]} {\cf4 LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 CUSTOMER}{\cf1 ]}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 one}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 VALUE}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 out}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 sum_of_all_balances}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 VALUE}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 total}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 VALUE}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 unique_customers}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 zero}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 VALUE}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 Commands}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 deposit} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_value}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 VALUE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 new} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 name1}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 transfer} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 name1}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 name2}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_value}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 VALUE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 withdraw} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_value}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 VALUE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 Constraints}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 value constraints}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 consistent count}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 consistent total}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 customer names unique}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 customer names unique}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 customers are sorted}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 customers are sorted}{\line}
{\line}
}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
